README.md, before:

react-bootstrap-datetimepicker
===============================

This project is a port of https://github.com/Eonasdan/bootstrap-datetimepicker for React.js

Usage
===============================

Installation :
```
npm install react-bootstrap-datetimepicker
```

Then
```javascript
var DateTimeField = require('react-bootstrap-datetimepicker');

...

render: function() {
  return <DateTimeField />;
}
```
See [Examples](examples/) for more details.

API
===============================

DateTimeField
========

| Name         | Type    | Default | Description |
| ------------ | ------- | ------- | ----------- |
| **dateTime** | string  | moment().format('x') | Represents the inital dateTime, this string is then parsed by moment.js |
| **format**   | string  | "x"     | Defines the format moment.js should use to parse and output the date to onChange |
| **inputFormat** | string | "MM/DD/YY h:mm A" | Defines the way the date is represented in the HTML input. It must be a format understanable by moment.js |
| **onChange** | function | x => console.log(x) | Callback trigger when the date changes. `x` is the new datetime value. |
| **showToday** | boolean | true | Highlights today's date |
| **size** | string | "md" | Changes the size of the date picker input field. Sizes: "sm", "md", "lg" |
| **daysOfWeekDisabled** | array of integer | [] | Disables clicking on some days. Goes from 0 (Sunday) to 6 (Saturday). |
| **viewMode** | string or number | 'days' | The default view to display when the picker is shown. ('years', 'months', 'days') |
| **inputProps** | object | undefined | Defines additional attributes for the input element of the component. |
| **minDate** | moment | undefined | The earliest date allowed for entry in the calendar view. |
| **maxDate** | moment | undefined | The latest date allowed for entry in the calendar view. |
| **mode** | string | undefined | Allows to selectively display only the time picker ('time') or the date picker ('date') |
| **defaultText** | string | {dateTime} | Sets the initial value. Could be an empty string, or helper text. |

Update Warning
===============================
Starting from 0.0.6, the 3 github repositories `react-bootstrap-datetimepicker`, `react-bootstrap-datetimepicker-npm` and `react-bootstrap-datetimepicker-bower` are merged in a single one. The build process changed but the API is the same.
However now the package exports DateTimeField directly, no need to do :
```javascript
var DateTimeField = require('react-bootstrap-datetimepicker').DateTimeField;
```
instead use :
```javascript
var DateTimeField = require('react-bootstrap-datetimepicker');
```

Contributions
===============================
There is still plenty of features missing compared to the original date time picker, hence contributions would be highly appreciated.

Commit message:

[feature/add-disabled-prop] Update readme

README.md, after:

react-bootstrap-datetimepicker
===============================

This project is a port of https://github.com/Eonasdan/bootstrap-datetimepicker for React.js

Usage
===============================

Installation :
```
npm install react-bootstrap-datetimepicker
```

Then
```javascript
var DateTimeField = require('react-bootstrap-datetimepicker');

...

render: function() {
  return <DateTimeField />;
}
```
See [Examples](examples/) for more details.

API
===============================

DateTimeField
========

| Name         | Type    | Default | Description |
| ------------ | ------- | ------- | ----------- |
| **dateTime** | string  | moment().format('x') | Represents the inital dateTime, this string is then parsed by moment.js |
| **format**   | string  | "x"     | Defines the format moment.js should use to parse and output the date to onChange |
| **inputFormat** | string | "MM/DD/YY h:mm A" | Defines the way the date is represented in the HTML input. It must be a format understanable by moment.js |
| **onChange** | function | x => console.log(x) | Callback trigger when the date changes. `x` is the new datetime value. |
| **showToday** | boolean | true | Highlights today's date |
| **size** | string | "md" | Changes the size of the date picker input field. Sizes: "sm", "md", "lg" |
| **daysOfWeekDisabled** | array of integer | [] | Disables clicking on some days. Goes from 0 (Sunday) to 6 (Saturday). |
| **viewMode** | string or number | 'days' | The default view to display when the picker is shown. ('years', 'months', 'days') |
| **inputProps** | object | undefined | Defines additional attributes for the input element of the component. |
| **minDate** | moment | undefined | The earliest date allowed for entry in the calendar view. |
| **maxDate** | moment | undefined | The latest date allowed for entry in the calendar view. |
| **mode** | string | undefined | Allows to selectively display only the time picker ('time') or the date picker ('date') |
| **defaultText** | string | {dateTime} | Sets the initial value. Could be an empty string, or helper text. |
| **disabled** | bool | {bool} | Disables the input field and the date time picker |

Update Warning
===============================
Starting from 0.0.6, the 3 github repositories `react-bootstrap-datetimepicker`, `react-bootstrap-datetimepicker-npm` and `react-bootstrap-datetimepicker-bower` are merged in a single one. The build process changed but the API is the same.
However now the package exports DateTimeField directly, no need to do :
```javascript
var DateTimeField = require('react-bootstrap-datetimepicker').DateTimeField;
```
instead use :
```javascript
var DateTimeField = require('react-bootstrap-datetimepicker');
```

Contributions
===============================
There is still plenty of features missing compared to the original date time picker, hence contributions would be highly appreciated.
